hey guys this is denise for the tiger
techcom here with my first boot of the
LG optimus 7 Windows Phone 7 if you want
more details about the exterior features
of this phone make sure you check out my
unboxing and first look video and I will
also be making some comparison and my
in-depth review of Windows 7 and the LG
optimus 7 so without further ado let me
go ahead and turn on the device so here
we have the LG logo there's still a
symbol and windows phone logo so let's
get started we'll choose to united state
English I don't have a sim card in here
will accept that we just go to
recommended settings and now here we
have to choose our time zone so I just
scroll up since I'm in toronto canada
will choose eastern standard time choose
the date looks very cool the metro UI is
very nice so today is november 15th 2010
I hope you guys can see this it is a bit
bright the time is about twelve-thirty
am I know it's a bit late but I really
wanted to make this video so now it's
asking me to log into my windows live ID
so I'll go ahead and do that and that's
it all done
already I have a message it is a welcome
message from Microsoft so let's go ahead
and play with the settings a bit just to
give you guys a quick glimpse the Metro
UI is very different it's very something
new in terms of phone OS cool there's a
lot of settings I'll go in depth with
the settings and in depth OS review in a
later video so it's just a quick look at
the OS and the first boot I just turned
off the lights so you guys can have a
better look at the OS the mere Windows
Phone 7 has a metro UI which is very
nice and has cool transitions for
example we go to any of the menus or any
of the applications houses very nice
transitions and it has different hubs so
there's the people's hub there's
messaging hubs there is the photo hub
and it also pulls in from different
content providers for example twitter
facebook myspace and you can also pin
different applications and even people
on the front home screen so you can have
your favorite person and all sorts of
other stuff and it comes pre-loaded with
something that's cool office means give
you guys a quick look at the new webkit
browser from Microsoft I just go to my
website the tiger tech comm i'm on Wi-Fi
here besides my first time going to the
website so it's not cached to anything
oops and it gives you suggestions as you
can see so this is a mobile Internet
Explorer there is the accelerometer
doing his thing
you can pinch to zoom what you can't do
is copy and paste not as of yet and
another thing is these YouTube videos
don't show up in the web browser itself
other than that it seems very fluent so
this just been a quick first boot of the
windows phone 7 you guys want more
details about the phone make sure you
stick to my channel the tiger tech and
if you haven't subscribed to my channel
already please go ahead and do so and if
you do like this video make sure you
thumbs up guys thank you for watching
take care peace